---
layout: post
title: Pie, Pie, Pie, ...
---

I've been thinking about starting a blog for a while, and I finally decided that I wanted to write about a pie. Why *pie* all of a sudden? Let me tell you some things about pie:

**1. Pie never ends:** Can you ever have enough pies? You can't. My friend once said, "There is no such thing as too many." You're always going to have a room for another piece of pie. It just never ends.

**2. It's never same:** Sure, you can bake an apple pie and it's going to taste great but that's not the only way to bake an apple pie. Think about this for a moment: is it possible to find a set of pie recipes that can represent all the other pie recipes in the world? Probably not! Everyone has different recipes and there are just way too many pies. Name any fruit and there's probably a pie for it: apple pie, peach pie, cherry pie, and even a [Raspberry pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/)e. You get the idea.

**3. It never divides evenly:** So you decide to bake a pie one day and tell your friends to come over. Your three best friends come over to taste your pie and you try to cut it. It should be simple right? You just cut it through the middle, turn 90 degrees, and cut it again. However, diving a pie isn't as simple as it sounds. You're always going to be left with some crumbs on the plate, or someone will try to go for the bigger piece. If you believe that you can divide it up evenly, you're not being rational. [As a side note, if you tried to divide it for 7 people, you can *almost* get it right...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_that_22/7_exceeds_%CF%80)

How to bake a pie
-----------

```R
pi.ingredients %>%
    prepare %>%
    bake %>%
    serve
```


